Advertising based pricing model
  A pricing model that offers services to customers at low or no cost, 
with the provider being compensated by advertisers whose ads are delivered to the 
consumer along with the service.

Amazon elastic computing cloud
  Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) is a web service that provides resizable
 compute capacity in the cloud. It is designed to make web-scale computing easier for developers.

Amazon Simple storage Service
  Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) provides a simple web services interface that 
can be used to store and retrieve any amount of data, at any time, from anywhere on the web.

AWS
Amazon Web Services - Amazon's suite of cloud services (includes EC2, RDS, S3, SQS and VPC) that together make up their cloud computing platform.

Apache hadoop
Apache Hadoop is an open-source software framework used for distributed storage and processing of dataset of big data using the MapReduce programming model.
 It consists of computer clusters built from commodity hardware. 

Content delivery networking
  A content delivery network (CDN) is a system of distributed servers (network) that deliver pages and other Web content to a user, 
based on the geographic locations of the user, the origin of the webpage and the content delivery server.

cloud Portability
Cloud portability is the ability to move applications and data from one cloud computing environment to another with minimal disruption.

cloud provider
A cloud provider is a company that offers some component of cloud computing – typically Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), 
Software as a Service (SaaS) or Platform as a Service (PaaS) – to other businesses or individuals

cloudsourcing
Cloudsourcing is an arrangement in which a company pays a cloud provider to carry out services that could be provided in-house

cloudstorage
Cloud storage is the storage of data online in the cloud. Data is stored in and accessible from multiple distributed and connected resources.

Cloudware
Cloudware is software that runs on a remote Web server rather than on a mobile computing device,
 personal computer (PC) or traditional on-premises application server. 

Cluster
A computer cluster is a set of loosely or tightly connected computers that work together so that, in many respects, they can be viewed as a single system.

Consumer Cloud
Consumer Cloud Services provide email and consumer data management solutions across all channels for your data-driven marketing needs